[HTTP] Log deprecated api usages (#207904)
elastic/kibana: docs/setup/upgrade.asciidoc

Before you upgrade, you must resolve all critical issues identified by the *Upgrade Assistant*.

In addition, we recommend to carefully review the <<breaking-changes-summary,list of breaking changes and deprecations>> and to take any necessary actions to mitigate their impact on the upgrade.

> You can active the <<allow-http-debug-logs, deprecated APIs debug logs config>> to get information about calls to deprecated APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the <<logging-settings, `deprecation.allow_http_debug_logs` logging setting>> to get information about calls to deprecated APIs.
```
This will link to the logging settings page as a whole instead of the specific row, as linking to rows isn't supported. To work around it, we can specify the exact setting we're referring to.

include::upgrade/resolving-migration-failures.asciidoc[]

include::upgrade/rollback-migration.asciidoc[]

> 
> include::{kibana-root}/docs/settings/logging-settings.asciidoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is not needed, in fact it actually breaks the build 😅 
The link you added on line 10 is sufficient
